# Power-BI-Project-Maven-Analytics-
Adventure Works Power BI project 
# Project Overview This Power BI project visualizes the sales performance, revenue generation and the overall profits and losses generated by the company Adventure Works, which holds a dominant market in the sales of bikes and sports accessories. 
## Key Features – 
**Interactive Filters: Slicers and KPIs showing the revenue generation, overall profits, total number of orders for the year 2020-2022. 
**Main Visuals Included: 
**Line Chart:** Shows the trends in revenue generation from Jan 2020-Dec 2022. 
**Bar Chart:** Showing the most ordered products based on category of product. 
**Matrix Visual:** Shows the Top 10 products that have been ordered, the revenue generated through them and their percentage returns incase of damages. It also gives information on the Top 100 customers of Adventure Works. 
**Map Visual:** Displays order distribution across continents (Europe, North America and Pacific) **Gauge Charts:** Shows performance based on monthly targets. 
**Donut Charts:** Displays most number of orders based on customer income and their occupations. 
**KPIs:** Shows information on customer level granularity, the revenue generated by them individually and number of orders 

## Data Sources 
**Source 1:** Maven Analytics 

## How to Use 
1. **Download** the `.pbix` file to your local machine. 
2. **Open** the file in Power BI Desktop. 
3. (Optional) **Explore Filters and Slicers** to interact with the dashboard.
